Hey friend, what’s your family’s name?
I'm not your mother. My family is yours
You just said mom.
My child is still alive. She is so old. You,
You, help me go,
Dabai, my mother is waiting in that car.
I usually know this kid relatively well, but I don’t know what happened today.
It doesn't matter, the child is quite cute.
Do you really work, this is our film,
A child, but a nanny. If you have emotions,
You can make a phone call.
This is the most important,
It is the front of all of her that is upright.
Not this person,
She was also careless,
The good thing is your sister,
Gui couldn't bear to see her called to Fang's house and was thrown to death.
Solved by being made
If you don't go through the war, you won't go anywhere.